# day-5
It's day 5. Remember the challenge I talked about in my last post. All done and dusted baby. Thank you Sifaya and Nana. You guys helped a lot. You can go check the link again. 
It's the weekend so I decided to learn more. I learnt much on using an "id" to style your HTML element. To me, an "id" is a faithful wife. Only one element (man) can use her,  she very unique (complete wife material) and she has a higher specificity(importance) than a class, so if both are applied to the same element and have conflicting styles, the styles of the "id" will be applied (as the first lady that she is). 
Also learnt on three(3) important properties that control the space that surrounds each HTML element. They are: Padding, Border and Margin. Padding controls the amount of space between the element's content and its border. OK. That's too much grammar. When we say a girl pads up, you understand na....Na the same thing CSS they do too. Margin is the opposite...you know when we say we want to loose weight...the space between us and our skeleton is getting smaller. That's margin. Then I went on to learn about applying negative margin to an element. The element will grow larger. 
CSS allows you to control the padding of all four (4) individual sides of an element (so if you want to increase breast and leave the others, you can). The same applies to margin. Also learnt how to use clockwise notation to specify properties individually, how to use attribute selectors to style elements.
CSS has a number of different length unit options that you can use. The two(2) main types of length are: absolute and relative. Absolute unit tie to physical units of length while relative unit are relative to another length value such as "em" or "rem". Finally learnt how to prioritize one style over another.
That's a whole lot for a day.Please  criticize, it will make me better. Thank you for reading.
